Lu Shao, are you not going to be responsible for Qingqing?
Hmph don't forget
Qingqing's belly is broken, but it's your child
If this gets out
The skeleton of the Lu Group
Hahaha, it may plummet
Who is the pet in Mo Qingqing's belly?
I'm afraid you two know better than me
Lu Shao, what do you mean by that?
Qingqing is my biological daughter
She was pregnant and suffered so much
You're still slandering her here?
You go too far.
Oops, spirit.
What the hell is going on?
Look carefully
Oops Ash
You're hurting people. I hate it.
This is the good daughter you raised for me
you
From today on, I dream of being poor without you
Is there any misunderstanding on the way?
After all, we are pregnant with
It's really your child.